Learning objective 1.1: Communicate effectively through writing, speaking, listening, reading, and interpersonal abilities.

Sub-skills: 
Interacting with Your Boss
Telephone
Conversations
Improving
Communication Skills
Reasons, Benefits, and
Barriers
Interacting with
Subordinates
Barriers to Phone
conversations
Effective Oral
Communication
Listening Strategies
Interacting with Coworkers
Making and Returning
Calls
Effective Written
Communication
Ways We Filter What We
Hear
Effective Nonverbal
Skills
Developing a Listening
Attitude
Effective Word Use Show You Are Listening
Giving and Receiving
Feedback
Asking Questions
Obtaining Feedback
Getting Others to Listen
AFNR-MSAGED6-2: Importance of Agriculture
Demonstrate the importance of agriculture.
2.1 Describe and explain the impact of agriculture on daily life.
2.2 Describe and demonstrate safe operation of agricultural lab equipment.
2.3 Identify the sources of different types of food and fiber.
2.4 Analyze the impact and changes throughout the history of American agriculture.
Course Standard 3
AFNR-MSAGED6-3: Georgia Agriculture
Investigate the impact of Georgia agriculture.
3.1 Summarize the importance of agriculture to Georgia’s economy.
3.2 Identify the top ten agricultural commodities and the impact they have on Georgia and the
local community.
3.3 Locate and map distinct agricultural commodities in Georgia.
Course Standard 4
AFNR-MSAGED6-4: Agriculture Education
Establish an understanding of Agricultural Education Programs.
4.1 Name the three parts of the agricultural program.
4.2 Explain the history, mission, and benefits of FFA.
4.3 Describe examples of a Supervised Agricultural Experience (SAE) Program.
4.4 Develop a Supervised Agricultural Experience (SAE) Program based on career goals and
industry needs for each individual.
Course Standard 5
AFNR-MSAGED6-5: Horticulture
Express knowledge of the area of horticulture.
5.1 Define Horticulture.
5.2 Examine the horticulture industry and the role it plays within the agriculture industry.
5.3 Identify the four areas of the horticulture industry: Floriculture, Olericulture,
Nursery/Landscape, Pomology.
Course Standard 6
AFNR-MSAGED6-6: Animal Science
Demonstrate an understanding of the area of animal science.
6.1 Define key terminology related to animal science.
6.2 Analyze the role, importance, and scope of livestock and companion animals.
6.3 Identify products and byproducts from livestock animals.
Course Standard 7
AFNR-MSAGED6-7: Ag Careers
Describe examples of careers in agriculture.
7.1 Investigate aspects of agriculture careers